so much gold no no no no hello and
welcome back to learn English with
Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this is
English from the ground up and look I'm
back here in the nether I ran back here
to the Bastion to collect my things I
was able to get back all of my diamond
armor and my diamond tools
and in this video I'm going to
explore the Bastion in search of a
netherite smithing template so we're
back here at the
Bastion let's go back in this time I'm
going to build a staircase down like
this that way I can get back up back up
there quickly there's lots of lava down
there and there are some magma cubes
down there in the
lava I can see some gold blocks down
there but I don't see any chests yet
uhoh
uhoh block die
die there's another one die
die okay I'm going to be very careful
this time I need to watch for Holes in
the Floor I guess I'll continue my
staircase down right here I'll take out
my pickaxe and continue digging
down oh there are more piglins down
there ooh more piglins let me get out my
sword my
sword and
attack die
die okay I'm doing good wow whoa is that
a spawner that's a
spawner I think it's a Magma Cube
spawner cuz there are tons of magma
cubes down
there so many all right let's go down
down the
stairs let's go down the stairs again oh
I think that's a
chest I can see a chest over there
shoot shoot shoot there's so many magma
cubes
okay I think I need to
destroy the spawner or else these magma
cubes will keep on spawning here there's
a lantern here I'll break that Lantern
aw it fell down into the
lava okay can I reach the
spawner I can I broke it all right I
destroyed the spawner I'm going to build
a bridge over
there this is really scary oh I need to
eat I should eat a potato I want to
always stay at full health I'm going to
break some of these
blocks
okay I'm hearing lots of scary sounds
whoa look at all of those tiny magma
cubes down
there okay we're
here oh there's another chest over there
over by those piglins let's see what's
inside this chest uh-oh uh-oh uh-oh die
die die die okay I'm going to build a
wall
here okay I built a wall right here so
those magma cubes can't get
in uh-oh die I'll build a wall here too
wall okay and over here
die okay I'm building walls all around
the
chest
oo okay and I fixed the floor wall uh-oh
die die I'll build a wall
here okay I think I'm safe now let's
look inside this chest
open there it
is the smithing template I found it this
will allow me to build netherite tools
okay I'll pick it up and two Diamond
helmets this one has fire protection one
I'll take it and Unbreaking one all
right there's some iron ingots there's
more of this crying obsidian I don't
know what this is used for but I'll pick
it up crying obsidian and there's one
netherite scrap this is awesome I'll
take it and I'll break the
chest all right there's also lots of
these golden
blocks I'll pick up some of these
too so much gold no no no
no uhoh uhoh
[Music]
uhoh
die okay I need to
eat oh I'm alive I
lived oo I need to be more
careful I almost died there I'll pick up
this gold more gold more gold okay I
picked up up 16 blocks of gold wow okay
I'll place a block here and let's go
back up up up let's go across my bridge
I'm going to break through this wall
dig uh-oh a piglin
die
die die die die die
die okay eat a potato I think there will
was another chest around
here but
where there it
is the chest okay let's look inside
open okay another block of
gold um Magma
Cream nothing too great in this chest
I'll break it and pick it up well
I don't see any more chests in this
Bastion so now that I found the smithing
template I think I'm going to head back
home I'm really far away from my portal
okay let's leave the
Bastion all right we explored the
Bastion we found the smithing template
so now let's let's head back to my
nether portal it's a good thing I took a
screenshot of my coordinates so I can
find my way back and we're digging
digging ooh we made it out there's some
zombie pigmen here lots of mushrooms
I'll pick up some of these
mushrooms mushrooms
mushrooms let's see where are
we ooh we're getting closed
oh that's one of my
pillars that's one of the stone pillars
that I built okay I'm getting really
close to my portal now I think the
Fortress Is nearby yeah I made it back
here to The
Fortress here's my staircase that goes
down uh-oh die oh I'm so
close and my
portal finally I made it back here to my
portal all right let's go through the
portal and return
home and here we are I'm back home all
right I made it back home with my
smithing template awesome well the first
thing that I'm going to do is put away
all of this stuff that I found in the
Bastion all right so I put away almost
everything that was in my
inventory now I have this smithing
template I can use this smithing
template to build one netherite
tool the thing is I want to build a full
set of netherite tools and armor so I'm
I'm going to need a bunch of these
smithing templates luckily there is a
way that I can duplicate these smithing
templates using
diamonds so let's pick up some
diamonds all right so to
duplicate my smithing template I'll need
my smithing template some diamonds and
Netherrack first I'll place the smithing
template in my crafting
table right here next I'll Place one
Netherrack in the middle in the middle
of my crafting table now in all the
other spaces in all these spaces I'll
Place diamonds 1 2 3 4 5 6 seven
diamonds and there we go I duplicated
the smithing template so now I have two
two smithing
templates two Nether back 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 9 10 11 12 13 14
diamonds all of that makes four smithing
templates so now I have four smithing
templates and there we
go so I'm all out of diamonds I only
have one Diamond left but I was able to
build six smithing templates all right
this is exciting I'm going to build my
first netherite tool let's pick up my
netherite ingots I have two netherite
ingots now let's use the smithing
table so I'll take my smithing template
put it right here I'll take a sword
let's turn this sword into a netherite
sword so I'll pick up the sword put it
here
and finally I'll take one netherite
Ingot and I'll put it right here there
it is the netherite
sword and now I have my first netherite
tool a netherite sword I want to build a
netherite
pickaxe
but these are the only two Diamond
Pickaxes I have and I want my netherite
pickaxe to have better enchantments than
these
do and I'm out of diamonds I only have
one Diamond so I'm going to search for
some more diamonds so I can build a
diamond pickaxe a diamond axe and a
diamond shovel that I can then turn into
netherite tools so right now I'm heading
down into my mine to search for some
diamonds let's go down all right and
we're here at the bottom it's time to
dig a tunnel right here and start
searching for diamonds let's do
it all right I finally found some
diamonds let's use my fortune 2 pickaxe
to pick up these diamonds here we go
let's mine these
diamonds
okay we got six diamonds from
that more
diamonds all right I found more diamonds
once again let's use the fortune pickaxe
and let's mine these
Diamonds oh so many
diamonds okay there were lots of
diamonds there let's see we're up to 16
diamonds let's start going back up to my
house wow
look at how long this tunnel
is finally we made
it this tunnel is huge it's really
long all right let's go back up this
staircase and I'm almost to the top here
we are the
surface all right let's go back home now
using our diamonds let's build some
diamond tools that we can turn into
netherite tools so let's build a diamond
pickaxe oh well first I need some sticks
okay I got some sticks now let's build
some diamond tools so we'll start with a
pickaxe there we go um let's build an
axe like that let's build a
shovel there we go now let's turn this
pickaxe into a netherite pickaxe
pickaxe smithing
template neite Ingot this is my last
netherite Ingot so I'll need to go back
to the Nether and search for more
ancient
debris but for now let's build this
netherite
pickaxe there we
go and we have a netherite pickaxe
so in the next video I'll build more
netherite tools and also enchant them
but I'm going to end this video right
here if you liked this video you could
leave me a like or hit the Subscribe
button and if you want to help support
this channel you could make a donation
on my coffee page I'll leave a link in
the description below thank you so much
for watching and I will see you in the
next video see
[Music]
you just like they all
do going